README.md, before:

# Better Default World Beacons  

_Improved, yet not overpowered, default world beacons._  

> First Complete Version is done - 6/29/2016. Look out for further revisions to be slowly and carefully released.

## The Goal  
The goal here is to improve the default World Beacon crates in ARK, and yet not make them crazy overpowered (as many who edit them seem to make them - to each his own). I do not wish to replace/make useless the Sea Crates or Cave loot crates, or break the game with these replacement beacons here. For our server we wanted a healthy balance and crates that would improve the overall quality of the game. With this diligent crate re-code, the beacons will become more worthwhile in general. They will drop stuff that is useful to players of all levels and be be more exciting to hunt for. They will also feel more filled out and include patterns for items that could only be crafted by spending engram points previously.  

#### A puny, party true story.
It all started when a group of us, as new players, began to notice that the default world beacons are rather disappointing and thus pointless, even game ruining. They quite literally brought about anger. The hunt, the danger, the though of something new and exciting, all to be foiled by ... you guessed it - yet another Medium Crop Plot, Compass, or Water Jar Blueprint. For weeks we seethed and became more bitter with each beacon fought for. Then I sought justice, and drafted a better new default table, deftly and swiftly defeating the terrible charts that once were. Morale improved. The heavy drinking slowed. Fighting for beacons became a reasonable goal. Patterns that once never existed began to appear. Players rejoiced across the realms.

#### How are these new beacons different? 
The drop charts are mostly the same, but the rates have been heavily modified. Anything found in the Sea Crates will not be found in any of these world beacons(as the devs intended). Some items are shifted to better match the beacon associated with the level of the engram. Items that could not be previously found anywhere have been added and are appropriately rare or common. This includes ammo, rare resources, eggs, patterns for industrial items and cannons, tree platforms, behemoth gates, and more(too much to list!). The equip-able gear such as weapons, tools, and armor are set to drop individual pieces or patterns only and have a small chance to improved beyond what was capable before. In extremely rare cases, the gear found here will be very high quality (~00.5% chance). This is so rare, that you would have to be a dedicated beacon hunter (or just damn lucky) to come across the best of the gear. You can find the [**full drop chart here**](FULL_SUDO_CODE.md).  

#### How to use this code on your server?  
The easiest way to use this is to copy all the code from the file [FULL_DEPLOY_CODE](FULL_DEPLOY_CODE) and paste it into your *game.ini* file, anywhere under the [/script/shootergame.shootergamemode]. Then Save your server and restart it (be sure to warn your players so they dont lose stuff/can land their fliers, all that standard stuff). If you are still stuck on this, there is a lot of additional information out there about editing your game.ini file, just search Google.

Commit message:

a word
also clarified loot chart isn't up to date yet with this latest revision

README.md, after:

# Better Default World Beacons  

_Improved, yet not overpowered, default world beacons._  

> First Complete Version is done - 6/29/2016. Look out for further revisions to be slowly and carefully released.

## The Goal  
The goal here is to improve the default World Beacon crates in ARK, and yet not make them crazy overpowered (as many who edit them seem to make them - to each his own). I do not wish to replace/make useless the Sea Crates or Cave loot crates, or break the game with these replacement beacons here. For our server we wanted a healthy balance and crates that would improve the overall quality of the game. With this diligent crate re-code, the beacons will become more worthwhile in general. They will drop stuff that is useful to players of all levels and be be more exciting to hunt for. They will also feel more filled out and include patterns for items that could only be crafted by spending engram points previously.  

#### A puny, partly true story.
It all started when a group of us, as new players, began to notice that the default world beacons are rather disappointing and thus pointless, even game ruining. They quite literally brought about anger. The hunt, the danger, the though of something new and exciting, all to be foiled by ... you guessed it - yet another Medium Crop Plot, Compass, or Water Jar Blueprint. For weeks we seethed and became more bitter with each beacon fought for. Then I sought justice, and drafted a better new default table, deftly and swiftly defeating the terrible charts that once were. Morale improved. The heavy drinking slowed. Fighting for beacons became a reasonable goal. Patterns that once never existed began to appear. Players rejoiced across the realms.

#### How are these new beacons different? 
The drop charts are mostly the same, but the rates have been heavily modified. Anything found in the Sea Crates will not be found in any of these world beacons(as the devs intended). Some items are shifted to better match the beacon associated with the level of the engram. Items that could not be previously found anywhere have been added and are appropriately rare or common. This includes ammo, rare resources, eggs, patterns for industrial items and cannons, tree platforms, behemoth gates, and more(too much to list!). The equip-able gear such as weapons, tools, and armor are set to drop individual pieces or patterns only and have a small chance to improved beyond what was capable before. In extremely rare cases, the gear found here will be very high quality (~00.5% chance). This is so rare, that you would have to be a dedicated beacon hunter (or just damn lucky) to come across the best of the gear. You can find the [**full drop chart here**](FULL_SUDO_CODE.md) (not up to date with Revision-7 yet).   

#### How to use this code on your server?  
The easiest way to use this is to copy all the code from the file [FULL_DEPLOY_CODE](FULL_DEPLOY_CODE) and paste it into your *game.ini* file, anywhere under the [/script/shootergame.shootergamemode]. Then Save your server and restart it (be sure to warn your players so they dont lose stuff/can land their fliers, all that standard stuff). If you are still stuck on this, there is a lot of additional information out there about editing your game.ini file, just search Google.
