# CustomArkLootDrops  

_Improved, yet not overpowered, default beacons._  

As of June 20th 2016 the crates are complete and working and feel pretty good on our server, yet are still being revised and balanced. Be aware that this is a Work In Progress...  

### The Goal  
The default beacons are notoriously _dissapointing/bad_. How many times have you found a _Medium Crop Plot_ blueprint in a red or yellow? How about that _Compass_ blueprint? _Water Jar_ blueprint anyone? Does your tribe have enough of those yet? Some tribes have even made a game out of seeing how many Bookshelves they can fill with one of these patterns...   The goal here is to improve the default World Beacon crates in ARK, and yet not make them Crazy Overpowered, as many who edit them seem to make them - to each his own, but for our server we wanted a healthly balance. With this diligent modification, the beacons will become more worthwhile in general. I do not wish to replace/make useless the Sea Crates or Cave loot crates, or break the game with these replacement beacons here. In general, they should drop stuff that is useful to players of all levels and be exciting to hunt for.  

### How Are They Different? 
The drop charts are mostly the same, but the rates have been modified. A few items were shifted to better match the beacon associated with the level of the engram. Some items that could not be previously found anywhere have been added, along with small amounts of rare resources on rare occasions. In addition to the stock charts, you will find soups and brews in blue crates, eggs rarely in all the crates, relevant level ammo in crates (rarely in mass, usually just a little of one kind), the occassional Elixir of Enlightenment in place of a Saddle, stone building materials, and much more. The equipable gear has been adjusted to always drop individual pieces and patterns when it does drop while having a chance to be a little better than previously. Aanything found in the Sea Crates will not be found in any of these Beacons (as the dev's intended). In extremely rare cases, the gear they drop will be very high quality. This is so rare, that you would have to be a dedicated beacon hunter (or just damn lucky) to come across the best of the gear. Be on the lookout for the full drop chart, which will be added to this repository when this project is no longer considered a Work In Progress.

##How to Use?  
* The easiest way to use this is to copy all the code from the file *FULL_DEPLOY_CODE* and paste it into your *game.ini* file, anywhere under the [/script/shootergame.shootergamemode]. Then Save your server and restart it (be sure to warn your players so they dont lose stuff/can land their fliers, all that standard stuff). If you are still stuck on this, there is a lot of additional information out there about editing your game.ini file, just search Google.  
